Uh, I want to start creating a list of things to do after the wedding. Um, the first one I want to do is actually message Tegan, our dance instructor to coordinate a time to have coffee once the video is ready for the final dance. Um, and we'll catch up with her. She can come to us maybe whatever, but let's have a catch up with Tegan, the dance instructor. so that's one thing I want to do and also want to probably on the Wednesday or Thursday let's say the Thursday night Friday just touch base with Simon and Julie, this is after the wedding this is the week after the wedding to coordinate the post-wedding shoot as well

Taylor - Russell - Okay, so I'm going to start dictating for Taylor first. So here we go. Taylor, you are essentially my sister I never had. You have been with me through so many tough points. I get excited at the prospect of telling you new things You know, you've been one of my closest friends and I am so privileged to have had you in my life and to have had the opportunity to be one of the first people I introduce Holly to and seeing you guys become friends and just like it's just been amazing It genuinely brings a tear to my eye you know writing this to know that I have such an awesome person in my life you're so you've been a person I can confide to you are a person I get excited to tell you things like you're just a really really awesome person um and we get on obviously and we have a good laugh and it's just it's a fantastic friendship I mean you know probably goes deeper in that uh it's it's a kinship that is like essentially um you know only thing I really share with the sibling but we're not sibling by blood but it feels like that so um thank you for coming to my wedding or our wedding and you are just an incredible person and the love and the information and like the banter that we have is just so awesome i i'm so privileged to have known you taylor and i'm so happy that i've been able to have the experience of living with you and doing cool things with you, seeing your family. Like it's just been awesome. I hope you have a great time and yeah, love you heaps.

Eric - Russell - Man, I got so many things I can say to you. You've been such a important person in my life and probably such a unique incredibly close friendship that most people wouldn't get the privilege of having. Being able to work with someone who we both have the same creative interests, we both push each other forward you know, we respect each other enough to give each other critique and give us kudos when things are good with all the movie work directing and writing we're doing I'm so excited to where this is all going Eric genuinely brings a tear to my eye to be so privileged to have known someone to know someone like you and to do these awesome things with you and I mean of course we have a good time you know, you're funny smart very creative and yeah here's to many more decades of amazing times. I'm so glad you're at my wedding and I'm so glad that we're doing the things we're doing. Thanks for being you

Liam S - Russell - I, you are one of the, like, I'm so glad you're here at my wedding. You are genuinely one of the smartest people I know and I know that there's a meme about that but seriously, you are one of the smartest people I know. I'm so delighted to see that you've had success. I personally root for you I cheer for you to see the things that you achieve I was so happy when you got out of office works I think it was draining your life force and you seem to be thriving Liam, you are thriving and yeah, you have matured into such an amazing person I, you may not notice it from, but from the outside, like you have become this mature, generous down to earth person that I cherish in my life. You're funny, you're amazing to be around and I'm just delighted that you're here at my wedding and I'm looking forward to seeing all the crazy shit we get up to.

Emma - Russell - Emma, you are the closest person that I know with regards to a friend that was a genesis through Holly. You have so many amazing qualities and you're one of the best people I know. And I'm not just saying that to be nice. Like, I actually genuinely mean that. you are really smart you have a fantastic sense of humor you help us and you push holly and you push me to be better versions you are an amazing just an amazing resource for just being honest you know you keep people level-headed um and you are, you know exactly what to say when things need to be said bluntly. Like you're an amazing moderator. I think that's what I'm trying to say. And I'm so excited to have known you or know you. And I'm so happy you're emceeing our wedding. And, you know, you're just an incredible person. So with so much love, thank you for being here and thank you for continuing to be here.

Zach - Russell - Zach, I first of all am so privileged that you are my groomsman. I want to get out of the way that you are probably the closest friend I've had that has crossed boundaries from high school. Like if you're going over time, you have to be it. When Holly and I talked about finding what the right groomsmen were, it was no doubt in my mind that from that era, you were the obvious choice. You have crossed boundaries. You've been friends. You were the only person that really did it, you know? And, you know, I'm privileged actually that we still know most of all our high school friends, but you're the only one that made the leap to try and actually make an effort. And for that, I will be forever grateful. it makes my heart weep that you made that choice and we're all the better for it so you mean so much to me um you are so smart you're successful uh you've got a really good head on your shoulders I have no doubt that you will see equal success if not more than me over the course of our lives and I'm just so privileged to have known you I'm so glad that you myself Holly and Gemma I have such a close kinship. That to me is such a privilege as well. So, I love you heaps. Thanks for being by my side and hope to be by your side one day too.

Gemma - Russell - Gemma, you are a brilliant person and my goodness I am so happy that you have found Zach in your life. He is an amazing person and you are equally amazing, you know? And I can say this because I've been an observer. You're the best person, best thing that's ever happened to Zach, like hands down. you're smart, you're compassionate you're bubbly you bring such a great energy into the room you love cats which is a plus for me too so it's just so lovely being around you and it's just so lovely to see that you have such a similar sense of humour that we all share and I can't wait to keep spending more and more time with you, Holly, Zach and I and just enjoying our lives You are incredible

Adam P - Russell - Adam, you are such a bubbly and amazing person. We are so lucky to have connected and I'm glad you made the effort to travel all this way to be here at our wedding for one. And I'm so glad that Jordan has introduced a little part of his Adelaide life with the rest of us and Armstrong. You are such a relaxed, fun, brilliant energy that you bring into the room. You light up the room. You have, you're like an extremely humble person, but you also actually have like such an amazing quality of assurance that you give to people around you. Like it's so easy to talk to you. And you give such an easy energy around people. You're fun. You've always made the effort to come down all the way down and I'm so glad you've made the effort again to see us get married. You are an awesome person and I look forward to going on many more trips with you if you can join us in the future. And I really appreciate you coming and making the effort. You and your fantastic humour as well!

Adam T - Russell - Adam, you are... You're awesome. Besides, I love that we have this geeky connection that I feel like I don't really share with anyone else. You're the only person that works in such a closely related industry and I get excited to be like, I get to talk to Adam today on the train. That excites me. To give you an idea about how much you mean to me. You're very logical and you're actually quite crazy at the same time like in it and i mean this in the nicest way as possible, as we both share this delluded crazy energy, skitzo is maybe more accurate. We think in a very similar way and I really, really appreciate that. And I'm so glad you're here at my wedding. Yeah, I have a deep respect for you and just your morals and the way you think. I'm just so glad you're my friend and I'm looking forward to many more decades of amazing friendship with you, Adam.

Alcy - Russell - Ah, Alcy, Thank you for starters for being our MC for the wedding. We really, really appreciate that. You are... Holly always says that you're the mother of the group, which I think is an interesting term, but not one I disagree with. i think you know what's probably more accurate is you are a glue that brings everyone together uh you know maybe maybe we're epoxy because people say the same thing about me um you're one part of the epoxy on the other part but not sure i'm going with this analogy but anyway i have a deep respect for you you are an incredible human being um i love that you and Holly had this special relationship. I love that. We all have this amazing close relationship with, you know, Holly and myself, you and Adam. It's very special and I am incredibly grateful and, you know, I just straight up love that we all get along. We all have similar values and you yourself are doing such amazing work and you're intelligent and for me, you're one of the most grounded people that I know. You're steadfast in your beliefs and you can back them up and genuinely, I feel like I can talk to you about anything. You're definitely a person I respect and you are a safe space and I love that you are in my life and thank you so much for coming to our wedding.

Amber - Russell - Ember, you're one of the most unique punk rock people I know. Straight up. You have an incredible sense of style. You are actually really, really intelligent and you're really funny. it has been I want to quickly thank you for taking the first wedding of the year having you watching you and Nathan do what you did was in a way, a way that Holly and I relieved, we made to feel ourselves a bit more or less anxious because we got to see some really important loving friends of ours get married first before we had to then kind of do it ourselves you have no idea how much stress that saved because I got to see the process very quickly to my our own wedding so i will really appreciate thank you for that but thank you for being in my life you and nathan have been awesome people so generous always generous you have some of those generous people that i know always inviting us over you know having people over like you're just you really embody the spirit of what it means to be a good person and i'm so glad you're here at my wedding and i hope you have a fantastic time

Ben - Russell - Ben, you're probably one of my... I think you are the original engineering friend. That is a title that no one else can take. I remember Ben, I remember when we were at Deakin and I ran into it the hallway going from like the science block towards the library and then you asked me a question of like hey are you going to this shoot or lecture and I'm like yeah yeah I am and then let me introduce each other and that was that. That was the start of an amazing friendship and despite you in more recent years moving away to Benalla, then Brisbane. We've still managed to keep in touch. You are involved in one of my most treasured memories, which is that road trip we took to Queensland. And thank you so much for inviting me on that. I think about that trip nearly on a monthly basis. Like it, yeah, it was amazing. And you were one of the biggest nomadic social butterflies that I know. and I feel like you can make friends of anyone. You're such a unique human being to be able to do that and I'm just so glad that I'm included in that web of amazing humans that make up your life. So thank you for being you and thanks for coming to our wedding.

courtnery - Russell - Courtney, you're just a ball of sunshine. It's been awesome having you as one of my closest friends and specifically a special friend that we only do certain things together, our yearly PAX catch-ups. and you know last year you joining us on the trip we're so glad, so good to have you here Holly loves you and you are just so much fun and you have a lot of love and empathy and you know you're just one of those people that like you can just really easily hang out with you know I really appreciate you coming to the wedding and I look forward to many many many more PAXs ahead of us among other things

Izzy - Russell - Easy, this day has finally come. It's crazy to me. You are technically my oldest university friend. We meant that all week. I remember that. It's been an amazing journey being one of your close mates. You and I and a few others are really the backbone of like the Armstrong Creek group. I love our wine nights. I love spending time with you. You are one of the most bubbly, fairy type people that I know. And it is just amazing to have seen us grow up into these adults and individuals. And, you know, just I think we're blessed. I do think we're blessed with the people that are around us. And you are a very important integral component to that. I can go on for the memories of having parties at your house and, you know, hanging out after university and all of the above. But I'm just so glad that you're still here by my side for my wedding day. And I am really excited to celebrate yours and Kyle's in just a few months time. So excited

Jordan - Russell - From a man who I thought was Asian in my engineering class to now this moment, Jordan, you are one of the most unique, beautiful individuals that I've had been the privilege to have known. you over time I have only grown a deeper respect for you um you are so committed to your family and your faith that it is like absolutely admirable um I some people I mean you know as you understand not everyone here is religious but I think that's a part of you that I respect you're quite you take the good from it and you don't let it be, make yourself prejudiced. And I really respect that. I think that's a very admirable trait, particularly in this day and age. Um, I mean, going back to our uni days, you, you were, you know, and still are one of my closest friends. Um, and you know, I'm so glad that we did that together and the people that you've introduced me too and everything like it's just i can go on for ages about how how much of a special person you are to me and i'm so glad to have you here at my wedding and yeah you are just an amazing human being and i can't wait to spend more time and more board games in the future with you

Kueper - Russell - Kueper, you are probably the most realist person I know. And I mean that wholeheartedly. You do not shy away from being honest with people. You have a strong conviction for your political views and how life is. And I find it so easy to speak the honest truth with you we get each other on a very like honest on like very special levels that i don't share with other people and i'm incredibly grateful and lucky to have you in my life um being again one of the oldest people i've known since university it's been an amazing journey of our friendship and i've i don't regret anything i think it's been beautiful honestly and i can't wait to see the things that you achieve and I can't wait to see the journey that takes us on. And, you know, you have always made time for me and have allowed me to be use you as a space where I can feel safe and tell you things where I've been in under stress. And I really, really, really appreciate that. Like to the deepest core of my heart, that is something that I treasure. So thank you. Can't wait to spend much more time with us in the future.

Kyle - Russell - This is probably the easiest letter I've had to write today, Kyle. You are just an awesome, beautiful human being who is the perfect balance of seriousness, insaneness and love. you and I get on a level that I don't get on with other people you the hobbies that we've shared together I'm so grateful to have someone like you in my life and I'm just so happy that you Holly and Izzy and I all get along so well it is literally quite literally a dream come true I don't think I can be any more blessed than I am with these given circumstances so thank you I hope that you continue to be yourself you are a unique person who is driven you're ambitious and honestly you're inspiring I think that's important to mention if it wasn't for you and the conversations we had, I wouldn't have become the healthier person I am today and you create that space to actually allow me to be better. So for that alone, I thank you and I love you and I can't wait to celebrate you and Izzy's wedding in just over a couple months.

Liam T - Russell - Tomo, you're a special one. You're the only person that I share a genuine love of Warhammer with. Tomo, you're a generous and amazing person. You actually are insanely generous. The effort that you went to to make me feel welcome and to invite me into a hobby that I was unknown and you're being patient with me and even painted my miniatures like that, that truly is something special. You are an incredibly generous person that for me is one of your, if not the best quality that you have. And then I was so excited to find out that you'd met Rihanna and I'm even more excited that you've got a wedding in a year and I can't wait to celebrate with you both. You guys are both awesome and you yourself are just an amazing human. And I can't wait to see and, you know, spend more time with you over the coming years. I think that's something that Holly and I want to do with you and Rihanna more. You are very special, generous, loving people. And you are just an awesome person to be around. You're geeky and nerdy and I love all that. And you know me. So, and we also have, we also share that a bit of like insaneness that I also really like. so

Nathan - Russell - Nathan, you are an amazing person. You are like generous, you're loving, you've got one of the best belly laughs that I know. you're just amazing i know that in the past we disconnected there for a time and i regret that but i'm so glad that our lives are back together and you have been such an amazing friend honestly you've been there for me and you know I was so delighted Holly and I were both delighted to come to you on Amber's wedding which was incredible and I really thank you for allowing us to see that it definitely helped us clear anxiety for our wedding um for today so you're awesome I am so privileged to have known a person like you and to see your strength and love and I'm very excited to do more hanging outs, just being us, being kids, making things together. You have a creative flair that I think has so much potential. I really believe that you are a special person and I'm excited to unlock and experience that creativeness with you. You're amazing.

Hannah - Russell - I wanted to write you something myself because I don’t think it’s possible to stand beside Holly on a day like today without also feeling grateful for the people who have loved her for a long time — the ones who have helped shape her life into what it is, and who have been steady in it in ways that really matter. You’re one of those people. Holly speaks about you with so much love and warmth, and it’s obvious why. The stories from working at Finish, the laughs, the memories — they always come with that tone in her voice that says, “That person is a real one.” You’ve been a genuine friend to her, and you’ve held your place in her life with care, even with distance and everything that comes with moving interstate. That says a lot about your character. I’ve also seen what you bring out in her. Holly is a big-feeling person, and she carries so much — sometimes more than she needs to. When you’re around, there’s this ease in her. She laughs more. She relaxes. She feels safe. And as the person who loves her, that means a lot to me. Because I want her surrounded by people who are good for her soul — and you are. Thank you for showing up for her the way you have. Thank you for the loyalty, the support, the excitement you’ve had for her life and for us. Thank you for being part of a friendship that has lasted and mattered, not just when it was convenient. And thank you for being here today — for standing beside her and sharing this moment with us.

Sonja - Russell - I wanted to write to you because today isn’t just a big day for Holly and me — it’s also a day that reflects the years of love and support that brought Holly here. And you are at the centre of that. From the beginning, you’ve made me feel welcomed and included. You’ve offered kindness without hesitation and support without making it complicated. And I’ve watched, up close, how you love Holly — not just as her mum, but as someone who genuinely understands her, who wants the best for her, and who will do anything to make sure she’s okay. That kind of love is powerful, and I don’t take it lightly. I know how much you’ve done for her over the years. I’ve seen the way you show up, the way you anticipate, the way you care in the practical and emotional ways that truly matter. You’ve given her a foundation of love that she carries with her everywhere — and I get to love someone who has been loved well. That’s a gift. Thank you for trusting me with her. Thank you for supporting us. Thank you for everything you’ve done in the lead-up to today — and for all the quiet things you’ve done across Holly’s whole life that made her who she is. I’m grateful to be joining your family, and I’m grateful for you.

Alex B - Russell - Alex, you have been a wonderful addition to my recent group of friends. I mean obviously we've interacted in the past but having you in my D&D campaign and the energy and the bubbliness that you bring is just absolutely wonderful. I'm so glad that you guys and yourself have managed to feel comfortable in allowing me to be your DM. And, you know, having known you shorter than I've known the other guys in the group, it's been a pleasure. You're such a great energy to the group. You're fast becoming a dear friend of mine. And I'm really, really glad that you can make it here on the day of my wedding. It's just wonderful. I hope you've enjoyed the day so far and obviously I look forward to many, many more D&D sessions with you and more future events as well. Thank you so much for coming to our wedding.

Mitch G - Russell - Mitch, it's a pleasure having someone in my life that is first a friend of Liam and then we become friends later. You are such a smart and talented individual and I'm so glad that you've managed to stick by Liam and me throughout these years. It's really cool to have someone in my life that's so close to Liam, but I can also relate to. I think that's a really kind of special friendship of like being friends with like my brother's friends and you fit the bill so perfectly. You're kind, you're funny, you're really intelligent and I'm really, really glad that you and obviously all the D&D crew have made it here for the wedding. But even without D&D, you would have come anyway, I know. So you've been a part of my life for a long time and now even closer. And I'm really excited to continue doing not only D&D, but our board games and other events we do together. You're such a great person and I really hope you've had a great time.

Patrick Fierka - Russell - Pat, you are one of the most lovely people I know. You are incredibly generous and giving with your time and you are just an awesome individual that I've had the pleasure of being with around you. you are a very strong willed and like insightful person and you have been there for me but also my brother for many occasions I always get excited when I see you come and rock up to things that we've done at the market like you're always such a friendly face to see and I look forward to doing more D&D with you in the future and other adventures I love hearing about your thing and you've been so successful with your house and everything as well It's just been absolutely awesome watching you blossom into the man that you are becoming. It is just wonderful. So I'm so glad you're here at my wedding. You're a dear friend of mine, and I look forward to many more D&D sessions with you as well.

Sean D - Russell - Sean, you have obviously known each other for such a long time but we've never really connected until recently and I'm so glad we have. You are such a humble and just salt of the earth person. I really enjoy talking to you. You're really earnest and the way that you kind of tie a room together is actually quite powerful. I understand that you may think you're like a quiet, humble person and of course you are but you bring a very calm and amazing presence to a room i'm so glad to have you know been friends with you and be able to play dnd with you it's just been absolutely wonderful um even more wonderful that we now have you at our wedding which has been great and i hope you've had a fantastic time but i'm looking forward to you know enjoying our friendship even longer and seeing you grow into this amazing person as you already are um you know many dnd and war game sessions ahead i imagine thanks for coming. 

Eli - Russell - Eli, you have been such a fantastic friend to Holly and it's been just amazing getting to know you as well. I have had the pleasure of being able to meet you. You're sassy, you're full of energy and I think you've been really important for confidant for Holly over time at Oberyn and otherwise. So I just from my bottom of my heart, I really want to thank you for being there as a person for her um for me it's been great to know you you're just an awesome guy and i wish you all the success in the world and yeah i'm just happy to see that you're you've been such a positive influence on holly and just been awesome to be with from my end as well

Kerri - Russell - Hi Kerry, you have been just a wonderful human being to have grown to meet over these last couple of years. You have invited us into your home so generously, the amount of effort you put into not only raising your kids but just to do things in the community. I know I've spoken to you this about before, but like it, I feel very inspired by that. And I think what you do is a genuine, like thankless, like community service job. Like it's something amazing that you do. You and Clint are amazing people. Holly and I are so privileged to know you. And we're so glad that you're here to witness us get married. I'm just, you know, you really are a bit of a role model to me, to be honest.

Clint - Russell - 

Suzanne Watts - Russell -

James Raymond - Russell - 

Brett and Genvieve - Russell -

Pual and lily - Russell - 











